I want to tell you something that I
never thought I would say. I want to say
that
Lizo
figured it out.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jquish. I am a
doctor of biomedical engineering which
gives me a unique perspective on lots of
different things. human physiology
related, sports performance related,
medical device related, especially in
accordance to the medical device I
invented. But today, I want to tell you
something that I never thought I would
say. I want to say that
Lizo
figured it out.
And I know a lot of people are going to
be like, "How does Lizo fit in a human
physiology, health, or sports
performance
conversation?" Well, here's why.
She got on a GLP agonist peptide. And
when on this GLP agonist peptide, her
physician, who clearly is a very smart
guy, said, "Hey, there are side effects
that are associated
with this GLP agonist
peptide. It says people lose muscle, but
that's not true.
What happens is these GLP agonist
peptides reduce your appetite." So, your
diet can suffer if you don't realize
that just about everything you should be
eating has to be jam-packed with
nutrients. Well, you're going to start
missing out on some stuff that you need.
And that's what happens to these people.
So, if you get on Osmpic or another GLP
agonist
and then just eat,
I don't know, junk food, less of it,
whatever, will you lose weight? Yes.
Will you be compromising your health?
Absolutely.
So, that sucks. And that's the problem
with these weight loss peptides.
However,
if you do strength training and you
prioritize protein, and by prioritize
protein, I mean that should be the
objective of pretty much everything you
eat. It's got to be high in protein. You
can actually do a few things. And here's
what happened to Lizo. So, not only did
she drop a lot of weight,
it's making her a much healthier person.
She realized that there was a lot of
empty calories in what she was eating.
She was trying to be vegan and she was
eating a lot of fake meats. So like
Beyond
Burger or whatever that chemical
disaster type product is. So she
switched to real meats and then she
realized when the peptide would wear
off, she still wasn't hungry. Well, the
reason she wasn't hungry was because her
nutrition wasn't revolving around
carbohydrates all of a sudden.
it was revolving around protein.
So now you have to have
at least 50 grams of fats as well on
average, but if you're eating meats,
you're going to get that. Uh so you
don't you don't need to worry about it.
But I take a very different position
than a lot of the people that I follow
and admire like Dr. Anthony Chaffy, Dr.
Sean Baker, Professor Barqu K,
I don't think, well, I know that they're
not huge fans of
this particular group of peptides
because why be dependent on on that?
Well, we're all in a situation where
we've been forced to be addicted to
food. And
I've said it before, you don't get a
merit badge in life for just white
knuckling
everything.
I think it's much better if you can
strategically figure out how to break
your food addictions and to build better
habits.
So
there are some individuals who have
protocols where you micro dose. So maybe
take half of a weekly dosage of a GLP
agonist peptide
and it just cuts out
the
lizard brain that you have that tells
you, "Oh wow, I I could definitely have
just one bite of that cake." And of
course, it's never one bite or I'll just
have one chip. And it says on the bag,
you can't eat just one. And they
engineered it so that you can't eat just
one. So, if you use these peptides in
that manner
to accomplish an objective to change
your lifestyle,
I think it's a net positive. I don't
think anybody should be looked down on
for that. As long as you're doing it
with the mindset
that this is not a long-term thing, you
are teaching your body
to behave in a very different way. And
it only takes 60 days to build a habit.
So, if you micro dose something like
this for 60 days and you build better
habits, just as long as you don't throw
those habits in the trash as soon as you
cycle off of the peptide, you're going
to be so much better off. And I think
that's how these things
should be viewed. I think it's more
beneficial. And and ultimately,
if you've got a weight problem, if you
just can't seem to
get control of your hunger, wow, like
these things, they can be phenomenal.
Ask any questions in the comments. I
know this is going to be a hot topic and
a lot of people are going to want to
talk about the nuances of this and uh
I'm there for it. Thanks for listening.
If this video helped you, I want you to
subscribe and follow. I'm going to put
out videos on a regular basis. I think
they're going to help a whole lot of
people. Especially if you're one of
those people that doesn't just instantly
grow from lifting regular weights. We've
got the answer for you.